Q1. What does the dollar($) sign do ?

Ans ->

In Excel, the dollar sign ($) acts as a unique symbol with distinct roles. It functions like an indicator instructing Excel on how to handle a reference.
The use of a dollar sign in a cell reference influences the reference's behavior when it's copied or shifted to various cells. In essence, the dollar sign is employed to 
secure either the row or the column in a reference, rendering it absolute instead of relative. This implies that when you duplicate a formula that includes a 
cell reference with a dollar sign, the reference remains unchanged based on its new position. Instead, the secured portion of the reference 
stays constant, enabling you to preserve uniformity in your computations or data analysis

Q2. How to Change the Reference from Relative to Absolute (or Mixed) ?

Ans ->

Altering a reference from relative to absolute, or mixed, in Excel is a simple task that requires adjusting the cell reference format to meet your requirements. 
If you need a reference to remain constant irrespective of where you replicate or relocate your formula, you'll employ absolute referencing. Conversely, if you want a
reference to secure only the row or the column, while permitting the other part to modify, you'll utilize mixed referencing. Excel facilitates this by
incorporating dollar signs ($) into the reference. Positioning a dollar sign before the column letter secures the column, while positioning it
before the row number secures the row. By modifying the reference format as needed, you can guarantee that your formulas operate as expected and uphold precision in your computations.

Q3. Explain the order of operations in excel ?

Ans ->

Grasping the order of operations in Excel is vital for precise formula computations. It's akin to adhering to a recipe in a step-by-step manner to attain
the expected result. In Excel, formulas are processed according to a specific order of operations, also known as precedence. This order dictates the priority
with which Excel evaluates mathematical expressions and functions within a formula. Adhering to this order guarantees that computations are executed correctly. 
The order of operations in Excel is encapsulated by the acronym PEMDAS, which represents Parentheses, Exponents, Multiplication and Division (from left to right), and 
Addition and Subtraction (from left to right). Excel first evaluates operations inside parentheses, then exponents, followed by multiplication and division, and finally 
addition and subtraction. By sticking to this sequence, you can circumvent errors and ensure the precision of your calculations.
let us follow some key features such as :
1. Parentheses: Excel first evaluates expressions inside parentheses.
2. Exponents: Subsequently, Excel performs any exponentiation (raising to a power) operations.
3. Multiplication and Division: Excel executes multiplication and division operations from left to right.
4. Addition and Subtraction: Lastly, Excel conducts addition and subtraction operations from left to right.

Q4. What, according to you, are the top 5 functions in excel and write a basic syntax for any of two ?

Ans ->

Excel provides a ton of functions to execute a variety of tasks, but certain functions stand out due to their adaptability and efficiency. These top-tier
functions are crucial for data analysis, manipulation, and display. The top 5 functions in Excel include SUM, VLOOKUP, IF, COUNT, and CONCATENATE. The SUM function is utilized to sum 
values in a range of cells, making it indispensable for computing totals and subtotals. VLOOKUP aids in searching for a value in the first column of 
a table and fetching a corresponding value from another column. The IF function enables you to conduct logical tests and yield different outcomes based on defined 
conditions. COUNT tallies the number of cells in a range that encompass numbers. CONCATENATE amalgamates the text from multiple cells into a single cell. Gaining proficiency 
in these functions can markedly boost your Excel skills and productivity in managing and analyzing data.
some very useful features such as :
a. SUM Function: Sums up values in a range of cells.
   Syntax: =SUM(number1, [number2], ...)
b. VLOOKUP Function: Searches for a value in the first column of a table and fetches a value in the same row from a different column.
   Syntax: =VLOOKUP(lookup_value, table_array, col_index_num, [range_lookup])
c. IF Function: Conducts logical tests and yields different outcomes based on defined conditions.
d. COUNT Function: Tallies the number of cells in a range that encompass numbers.
e. CONCATENATE Function: Amalgamates the text from multiple cells into a single cell.

Q5. When would you use the subtotal function ?
Q6. What is the syntax of the vlookup function? Explain the terms in it ?
